Talk: Well, soon it will be time to get your hopes up with electric cars. electric cars are, simply put, electric (pun intended). There are engineers that are building the most advanced car technology of the future. Soon, it will be an exciting time for you and Mother Nature to coexist better than before thanks to the new and improved environmentally friendly vehicles developed by and built by passionate workers. Why electric cars you may ask? have you ever looked around and thought gee, I wish I could help save the earth from pollution. But I have this fossil fuel 🚗  that im driving all the time? Electric cars will be the solution

Slide 2: most cars today use fossil fueled resources such as oil, natural gas, and coal. These are all examples of non-renewable resources. These are also what humans are mostly trying to avoid these days. a drawback that oil and gas have is their impact on the environment which scientists have long criticized for decades now. Fracking is utilized as a process in which liquid is injected into rocks at a high pressure to extract resources from the rocks. This process releases methane gas into the air which is a type of greenhouse gas that is eighty-four times worse than carbon dioxide over the course of twenty years. Living near an extraction site is harmful to the health of humans in multiple ways such as irritation of the eyes, nose, mouth, and throat

Slide 3: Fracking is even worse for those who have respiratory illnesses such as asthma since it can worsen those conditions. The very air that is breathed in by workers gets polluted due to the smog that comes with releasing the resources from the minerals. In addition to these horrible effects, It only gets worse; there are more negative consequences that come along with fracking. The solution? Enter the electric car. The electric car has come to help alleviate the stress that petroleum fueled cars are causing the earth and at a cheaper price as well. though, Electric cars require a battery that is made by harming the environment and thus contributing to global warming. Still, electricity fueled cars would vastly outweigh The argument against the making of such a vehicle. This is why these vehicles should be produced on a massive scale for the average consumer
